All right there's something I want to mention here in passing.
There is an important convention in electric circuits that sometimes often overlooked.
It's probably not that important but I just wanted to just mention it again and again and we have our
electric field here pointing from the right hand side to the left hand side.
We've discussed that we have electrons flowing in the opposite direction.
Right.
So we have electrons
kind of moving in this direction.
That is the direction of the drift velocity.
Now what we're going to define as I later on in our circuits we call this the positive electric current
in the positive electric current is always opposite of the electron flow.
Opposite of
electron flow.
So in this case the current I actually goes in this direction and it makes a lot of sense if you have
negative charges moving from left to right.
It's kind of the same thing as having a positive current moving from right to left right.
Negative charges while you're going to leave some positive on this side.
It's kind of like there's a build up of positive charges on this side.
OK.
So just keep that in mind that the current or the direction of the current eye is really opposite of
the motion of the electrons.